BlackAndWhite is a black and white conversion plugin for Aperture. I hope to
expand the project to include a whole set of useful plugins. I started with a
black and white conversion plugin because it's the one I wanted most.

The project is called BlackAndWhite but the plugin is called grayscale. At
some point I'll rename it.

The project is released under the MIT license. See the LICENSE file for
details.

Before trying to build the projects you will need to install the Aperture 2.1 SDK. You can dowload the SDK from the APple developer site. (I've been told that you also need to install the Final Cut SDK, but I didn't need to.)

There are two parts to BlackAndWhite. The first is a Core Image filter. Start
by building the grayscaleimageunit project. The interesting part of that
project is the grayscaleimageunitFilterKernel.cikernel file. That file has the
Core Image image unit code. It implements 2 methods. The first is grayscale,
which is a straight forward channel mixer black and white conversion. The
second image unit method is noisygrayscale which implements a channel mixer
that combines a noisy image with the original image to simulate film grain.
The rest of the grayscaleimageunit is boilerplate Core Image image unit code.

The second project is grayscale. It is the actual Aperture plugin. The code is
a bit messy since it is a mix of my coding style and Apple's plugin sample
code. Their sample coding style isn't quite the same as mine.

You can manually install the build products like:

cp -R grayscale/build/Release/BlackAndWhite.ApertureEdit /Library/Application\ Support/Aperture/Plug-Ins/Edit/
cp -R grayscaleimageunit/build/Release/grayscaleimageunit.plugin /Library/Graphics/Image\ Units/

There is also a installer project since most folks won't want to build and
manually install the plugin.

My next step is to clean up the code to better fit my own coding style. The
plugin is functional even if the code is a bit messy.

The UI is a bit spartan but is also functional.

Enjoy!
